Atd permissions update (#10044)
demisto/content: Packs/McAfee_Advanced_Threat_Defense/Integrations/McAfee_Advanced_Threat_Defense/McAfee_Advanced_Threat_Defense_description.md

## McAfee Advance Threat Defense

> To use the full capabilities of this integration, make sure your user have the permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the full capabilities of this integration, make sure your user has the following permissions:
```
